[unitaryhack] Update GUI workflow for the current version of KLayout (#17)
iqm-finland/KQCircuits: docs/user_guide/gui_workflow.rst

   #. Click once on the qubit.
   #. Click ``Shift+F2``
   #. Double-click on the qubit.
   #. In the new *Instance Properties* window locate a tab *PCell
      parameters*.
   #. Scroll down in the list of parameters to locate *Include coupler between qubits*.

>    #. Click on the box.

Reviewer: Looks like in this part you changed it so that it changes a parameter of the Demo chip (`Include coupler between qubits`) instead of `Coupler lengths` parameter of a single qubit. It shouldn't be possible to change the demo chip parameters at this point if it was turned to static as explained in earlier step of the tutorial. Probably the confusion was because you didn't turn Demo chip to static and because the selection of the qubit does not work easily by double clicking. I suggest changing this part of the tutorial to the following:

```
#. **Disable a coupling port for the qubit.**

   #. From the *Tools* panel select *Select*.
   #. Drag a selection box around the qubit.
   #. Click ``Shift+F2``
   #. Press ``q``.
   #. In the new *Instance Properties* window locate a tab *PCell
      parameters*.
   #. Scroll down in the list of parameters to locate *Coupler lengths*.
   #. Change the value in the text box to ``100,160,0``.
   #. Click ``Ok``.
```

Please check if this makes sense to you and change accordingly.

   #. Click ``Ok``.

#. **Create a new qubit.**

   #. Press ``F2`` to see the whole top cell.
   #. From the *Tools* panel select *Instance*.

>    #. Double-click on the qubit.

Reviewer: This line should be removed and the previous line should be changed to say `toolbar` instead of `*Tools* panel`.

Author: @jkotilahti Hi, I am not so much which line you are saying should be removed do you mean the ```#. Double-click on the qubit```

Reviewer: Yes, removing the `#. Double-click on the qubit` line is what I mean.

>    #. In the new *Instance Properties* window locate *Library*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. In the new *Editor Options* window locate *Library*.
```

This will be the name of the window if you click "Instance" from toolbar (instead of double-clicking existing qubit).

   #. Using the drop-down menu select *Qubit Library*.

>    #. Click on a button ``🔍 `` a little bit to the left from the *Library* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Click on a button ``🔍`` a little bit to the left from the *Library* 
```
